Risk evaluation and resilience planning.
Reduce the risk of infrastucture investments and contracted external capacities
Enabling the monitoring of performance, as well as improving planning and management functions.
Reduce storage capacity and distribution
Enabling more supplier networks that focus on knowledge collaboration as the value-add over just completing transactions.
Achieve granular levels on aggregated procurement patterns.
Market intelligence for small and medium-sized enterprises.
The largest clusters of data are related to an automated sensing capability, connectivity and intelligence to material handling and packaging systems applications evolved.
Getting back a real time capacity availability and providing a quicker response and vendor managed inventory.
Optimal routing
Real-time route optimization; address verification; crowd-based pick-up and delivery; environmental intelligence.
Improve Supply Chain traceability 
Real-time optimization of delivery routes.
Estimated lead times based on traffic conditions, weather variables, real time marginal cost for different channels.
Optimize logistics activities thanks to costs reduction, improved customer satisfaction and supply chain performance
Optimize manufacturing process, shop-floor management and manufacturing logistics.
Reduce lead times and minimize costs and delays, as well as process interruptions.
Reduction in driver turnover, driver assignment, using sentiment data analysis
Customer loyalty management; Continuous service improvement and product innovation
Benefits for the government (e.g., urban planning) and companies (e.g., localized advertising, optimized routing).
Creating an integrated view of customer interactions and operational performance, ensuring satisfaction of both sender and recipient.
Technology has made it more feasible than ever to access and understand customer data, as Big Data enables sensing of social behavior.
Access and understand customer data, as Big Data enables sensing of social behavior.
Know customers perceptions of offered products and services and discover their unobservable characteristics
